feat: add installation, usage and start docs (#116)
mainmatter/sheepdog: docs/src/content/docs/guides/task-modifiers.mdx

---
title: Task modifiers
description: How task modifiers work
---

> This is a guide about how to setup the Async Transform!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a guide about how to set up the Async Transform!
```
